[IMP] helpdesk: update flow and images for reinvoicing time (#1901)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/services/helpdesk/timesheet_and_invoice/reinvoice_from_project.rst

Invoice Time Spent on Tickets (Postpaid Support Services)
=========================================================

Connect your Helpdesk ticket to a Project task and use either one to record timesheets that you can later pull from to bill your client. This gives you more control over what you charge your client, and it is more efficient.

> Configuration
> =============
> Go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk --> Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams` and select the Helpdesk team you want to track timesheets for. Click **Edit** and enable the options Timesheet on Ticket and Time Reinvoicing.

Reviewer: Need a line break after the heading.
```suggestion
Configuration
=============

Go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk --> Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams` ...
```

> Configuration
> =============
> Go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk --> Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams` and select the Helpdesk team you want to track timesheets for. Click **Edit** and enable the options Timesheet on Ticket and Time Reinvoicing.

Reviewer: Italicize Odoo options to indicate that these are choices and features of the software.

```suggestion
Click **Edit** and enable the options *Timesheet on Ticket* and *Time Reinvoicing*.
```

> Under Timesheet on Ticket, choose the Project to which tickets (and timesheets) will be linked by default. Open the Project's external link to edit its settings and enable the Billable option. Save both the Project and the Helpdesk team's settings to apply these features.

Reviewer: Contextualize this. "Under Timesheet on Ticket..." could mean many things. Under _what_ exactly?

```suggestion
In the Timesheet on Ticket options
```

.. image:: reinvoice_time/project_billable.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Billable feature in Project settings

> Create a sales order
> ====================
> After a ticket comes into the pipeline, go to :menuselection:`Sales --> Create`. Add the customer from the ticket to the new quotation. In the Order Lines tab, add the Service on Timesheet product. Click **Confirm** to turn the quotation into a sales order. Take note of the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` name for later.

Reviewer: Need a line break after heading.

```suggestion
Create a sales order
====================

After a ticket comes into the pipeline, go to :menuselection:`Sales --> Create`. Add the customer from the ticket to the new quotation. In the Order Lines tab, add the Service on Timesheet product. Click **Confirm** to turn the quotation into a sales order. Take note of the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` name for later.
```

> Create a sales order
> ====================
> After a ticket comes into the pipeline, go to :menuselection:`Sales --> Create`. Add the customer from the ticket to the new quotation. In the Order Lines tab, add the Service on Timesheet product. Click **Confirm** to turn the quotation into a sales order. Take note of the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` name for later.

Reviewer: Suggestion to improve linear flow of entire paragraph:

```suggestion
Create a sales order
====================

After a ticket comes into the pipeline, go to :menuselection:`Sales --> Create` and add the customer from the ticket to the new quotation. In the Order Lines tab, add the Service on Timesheet product and then click **Confirm** to turn the quotation into a sales order. Be sure to take note of the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` name for later reference.
```

.. image:: reinvoice_time/service_on_timesheet.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Add Service on Timesheet product to the SO

> Record a timesheet
> ==================

Reviewer: Line break after heading

```suggestion
Record a timesheet
==================

```

> Jump back to the Helpdesk ticket by going to the Helpdesk dashboard and clicking **Tickets** on the team's card. You can also access the ticket by going to the Projects dashboard and clicking **Tickets** on the project's card. Click **Edit** and use the Timesheets tab to record the time you spend on the ticket.

Reviewer: Capitalize Odoo product (project vs Project).

```suggestion
Jump back to the Helpdesk ticket by going to the Helpdesk dashboard and clicking **Tickets** on the team's card. You can also access the ticket by going to the Projects dashboard and clicking **Tickets** on the Project's card. Click **Edit** and use the Timesheets tab to record the time you spend on the ticket.
```

.. image:: reinvoice_time/record_timesheet_ticket.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Record time spent on a ticket

> Link the Helpdesk ticket to the SO
> ==================================

Reviewer: Add line break after heading

```suggestion
Link the Helpdesk ticket to the SO
==================================

```

> Still on the ticket form, click **Edit** and click the Sales Order Item field. Select the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` that you created earlier from the dropdown menu. Click **Save**.

Reviewer: Small suggestion to improve flow/readability. 

```suggestion
While still on the ticket form, click **Edit** and then click the Sales Order Item field. Select the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` that you created earlier from the dropdown menu. Click **Save**.
```

.. image:: reinvoice_time/link_SO_ticket.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Link the SO item to the ticket

> Create the invoice
> ==================

Reviewer: Add line break after heading

```suggestion
Create the invoice
==================

```

> When you solve the Helpdesk ticket and are ready to bill the client for your time, click the **Sales Order** smart button on the ticket form to take you to the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`. The Delivered column should match the number of hours recorded on the ticket's timesheet. Click **Create Invoice** to bill your client for the time spent on the ticket.

Reviewer: Removing 2nd-person familiar tone in favor of 3rd-person instructional.

```suggestion
When the Helpdesk ticket is completed and the client is ready to be billed for time, begin by clicking the **Sales Order** smart button on the ticket form to navigate to the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`. The Delivered column should match the number of hours recorded on the ticket's timesheet. Click **Create Invoice** to bill the client for the time spent on the ticket.
```

Invoice Time Spent on Tickets (Postpaid Support Services)
=========================================================

> Connect your Helpdesk ticket to a Project task and use either one to record timesheets that can be
> later pulled from to bill your client. This integration provides more control and transparency over

Reviewer: Wording suggestion.
This is the first line of the doc and I had to reread it a couple times to make sense of it. Technically it's correct but it's clunky...can clean up a little.
```suggestion
Connect your Helpdesk ticket to a Project task, and use either one to record timesheets that can
later be pulled from in order to bill the client. This integration provides more control and
transparency over
```

Author: I changed the wording and structure a little to be more like chronological steps. Hopefully, that reads smoother!

what the client is charged for.

Configuration
=============

> Click **Edit** and enable the options *Timesheet on Ticket* and *Time Reinvoicing*.

Reviewer: Change from `**bold**` format to `:guilabel:`

```suggestion
Click :guilabel:`Edit` and enable the options *Timesheet on Ticket* and *Time Reinvoicing*.
```

> In the *Timesheet on Ticket* drop-down option, choose the Project to which tickets (and timesheets)

Reviewer: We _might_ need to change these from `*italics*` to `:guilabel:` since we're talking about UI options here. Can leave for now but let's bring up with Doc Review after.

Author: I ended up changing these to a `:guilabel:`, we'll see what Doc Review says later.

will be linked by default. Open the Project's external link to edit its settings and enable the

> *Billable* option. Save both the Project and the Helpdesk team's settings to apply these features.

Reviewer: Same here. 
Should `*Billable*` be `:guilabel:` since it's a clickable option on the UI?

Author: Also changed to `:guilabel:` here.

.. image:: reinvoice_time/project_billable.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Billable feature in Project settings

Create a sales order
====================

After a ticket comes into the pipeline, go to :menuselection:`Sales --> Create`. Add the customer
from the ticket to the new quotation. In the *Order Lines* tab, add the *Service on Timesheet*

> product. Click **Confirm** to turn the quotation into a sales order. 

Reviewer: Change to `:guilabel:`
```suggestion
product. Click :guilabel:`Confirm` to turn the quotation into a sales order. 
```

.. note::

>    Remember the :abbr:`SO(Sales Order)` name for later.

Reviewer: Might be better formatted as a tip actually.
Contextualize further...why remember it? For what purpose?

Author: I changed it to be a tip and added that it should be remembered to help the user link their ticket to the correct SO.

.. image:: reinvoice_time/service_on_timesheet.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Add Service on Timesheet product to the SO

Record a timesheet
==================

> Jump back to the Helpdesk ticket by going to the Helpdesk dashboard and clicking **Tickets** on the

Reviewer: Change to `:guilabel:`

team's card. You can also access the ticket by going to the Projects dashboard and clicking

> **Tickets** on the Project's card. Click **Edit** and use the *Timesheets* tab to record the time

Reviewer: Change `**Tickets**` and `**Edit**` to `:guilabel:` format.

you spend on the ticket.

.. image:: reinvoice_time/record_timesheet_ticket.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Record time spent on a ticket

Link the Helpdesk ticket to the SO
==================================

> While still on the ticket form, click **Edit** and then click the *Sales Order Item* field. Select

Reviewer: Change `**Edit**` to `:guilabel:`
Might need to change `*Sales Order Item*` too since it's a field...

Author: I changed both `Edit` and `Sales Order Item` to have a `:guilabel:`.

> the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` that you created earlier from the drop-down menu. Click **Save**.

Reviewer: `**Save**` --> `:guilabel:`

.. image:: reinvoice_time/link_SO_ticket.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Link the SO item to the ticket

Create the invoice
==================

When the Helpdesk ticket is completed and the client is ready to be billed for time, begin by

> clicking the **Sales Order** smart button on the ticket form to navigate to the sales order. The

Reviewer: `:guilabel:`

Delivered column should match the number of hours recorded on the ticket's timesheet. Click

> **Create Invoice** to bill the client for the time spent on the ticket.

Reviewer: `:guilabel:`

Invoice Time Spent on Tickets (Postpaid Support Services)
=========================================================

> Connect a Helpdesk ticket to a Project task. While working on the ticket, use either the ticket or 
> the task to record timesheets. When the ticket is solved, Odoo can pull from those timesheets to 
> bill the client. This integration provides more control and transparency over what the client is 
> charged for.

Reviewer: Still think there's room for improvement here.

Ideally this would flow with a natural rhythm and _succinctly_ say what the doc/feature is about.

However since this integration is a bit nuanced (this part in particular), I don't think short sentence fragments stacked together will work here; short, brief sentences only work if there's a specific direction being given.

To that end, I suggest operationalizing the feature with longer sentences that contain commas and time order words in order to capture the breadth of information we're trying to share while also expressing it in a linear way:

```suggestion
The **Timesheet on Ticket** integration provides more control and transparency over how clients are
charged, and what they're specifically billed for.

The way it works is on the backend of Odoo, Project managers can connect Helpdesk tickets to
Project tasks. While working on the ticket, either the ticket itself or the task can be used to
record timesheets. When the ticket is solved, Odoo can pull from either the task or ticket
timesheets in order to reference billable hours when it's time to bill the client.
```

Configuration
=============

> Go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk --> Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams`. Select a Helpdesk team and 
> click :guilabel:`Edit`. Then, enable the options :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket` and 
> :guilabel:`Time Reinvoicing`.

Reviewer: Small suggestion to improve readability. Might just be style difference, however to me this small change helps connect the flow between different actions in the same breath, as opposed to brief instructions that may or may not appear related.

```suggestion
Go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk --> Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams`, select a Helpdesk team, and
click :guilabel:`Edit`. Then, enable the options :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket` and
:guilabel:`Time Reinvoicing`.
```

> In the :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket` drop-down option, choose the Project to which tickets (and 
> timesheets) will be linked by default. Open the Project's external link to edit its settings and 
> enable the :guilabel:`Billable` option. Save both the Project and the Helpdesk team's settings to 
> apply these features.

Reviewer: This is only one section I'm highlighting here, but the whole document needs to be cleaned of trailing whitespaces, line by line.

The line break right at the end of a sentence _is_ the whitespace when it's rendered into HTML.

```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket` drop-down option, choose the Project to which tickets (and
timesheets) will be linked by default. Open the Project's external link to edit its settings and
enable the :guilabel:`Billable` option. Save both the Project and the Helpdesk team's settings to
apply these features.
```

.. image:: reinvoice_time/project_billable.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Billable feature in Project settings

Create a sales order
====================

After a ticket comes into the pipeline, go to :menuselection:`Sales --> Create`. Add the customer
from the ticket to the new quotation. In the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab, add the 
:guilabel:`Service on Timesheet` product. Click :guilabel:`Confirm` to turn the quotation into a 
sales order. 

.. tip::
   Remember the :abbr:`SO(Sales Order)` name for later to link the Helpdesk ticket to the correct 
   sales order.

.. image:: reinvoice_time/service_on_timesheet.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Add Service on Timesheet product to the SO

Record a timesheet
==================

Jump back to the Helpdesk ticket by going to the Helpdesk dashboard and clicking 

> :guilabel:`Tickets` on the team's card. Another way to access the ticket is by going to the 
> Projects dashboard and clicking :guilabel:`Tickets` on the project card. Click :guilabel:`Edit` 

Reviewer: Think we can do something with this sentence that starts with "Another way..."

I dont know if it warrants a `:tip:` directive because that would break up the flow of the instruction.

Maybe something like this?

(Also, I would consider using more time order flow words to help communicate linear and conditional actions...)

```suggestion
:guilabel:`Tickets` on the team's card (or by going to the 
Projects dashboard and clicking :guilabel:`Tickets` on the project card). Then click :guilabel:`Edit` 
```

Invoice Time Spent on Tickets (Postpaid Support Services)
=========================================================

The :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket` integration provides more control and transparency over how
clients are charged, and what they're specifically billed for.

In Odoo, Project managers can connect Helpdesk tickets to Project tasks. As the Helpdesk agent

> works on the ticket, they can use the ticket itself or the Project task to record timesheets.

Author: Thank you for letting me know! I have opened PR #2204 to apply this change, as well as the other comments you brought up.

> In Odoo, Project managers can connect Helpdesk tickets to Project tasks. As the Helpdesk agent
> works on the ticket, they can use the ticket itself or the Project task to record timesheets.
> Thanks to the :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket` integration, timesheets will always be consistent and
> up-to-date on both records. Once a ticket is solved, the client can be billed for the time spent on
> the ticket. Odoo will pull from either the task or the ticket timesheet to accurately bill the
> client. Keep timesheets organized with the :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket` feature. 

Reviewer: I see what you're saying about thinking it's too long.
Two suggestions here: one is to add another line break at line 10 to reduce the "wall of text" vibe and then also delete the trailing sentence on line 13 (don't think it's needed?)
```suggestion
In Odoo, Project managers can connect Helpdesk tickets to Project tasks. As the Helpdesk agent
works on the ticket, they can use the ticket itself or the Project task to record timesheets.

Thanks to the :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket` integration, timesheets will always be consistent and
up-to-date on both records. Once a ticket is solved, the client can be billed for the time spent on
the ticket. Odoo will pull from either the task or the ticket timesheet to accurately bill the
client.
```

Create a sales order
====================

After a ticket comes into the pipeline, go to :menuselection:`Sales --> Create`. Then, add the
customer from the ticket to the new quotation. In the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab, add the
:guilabel:`Service on Timesheet` product. Finally, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to turn the quotation
into a sales order.

.. tip::
   Remember the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` name for later to link the Helpdesk ticket to the correct
   sales order.

.. image:: reinvoice_from_project/service_on_timesheet.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Add Service on Timesheet product to the SO.

Record a timesheet
==================

To record a timesheet, jump back to the Helpdesk ticket by going to the Helpdesk dashboard and
clicking :guilabel:`Tickets` on the team's card (or by going to the Projects dashboard and clicking
:guilabel:`Tickets` on the project card). Then, click :guilabel:`Edit` and use the
:guilabel:`Timesheets` tab to record the time spent on the ticket.

.. image:: reinvoice_from_project/record_timesheet_ticket.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Record time spent on a ticket.

Link the Helpdesk ticket to the SO
==================================

> To link the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` to the ticket, start on the ticket form. Then, click
> :guilabel:`Edit` and click the :guilabel:`Sales Order Item` field. Next, select the :abbr:`SO
> (Sales Order)` that was created earlier from the drop-down menu. Lastly, click :guilabel:`Save` to
> connect the ticket and the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`.

Reviewer: Suggestion.
First sentence may have been ended too early before an explicit/actionable instruction was given.
Helps the flow/rhythm of the paragraph too imo...

Up to you though as I'm being nitpicky at this point 😉 

```suggestion
To link the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` to the ticket, start on the ticket form, click
:guilabel:`Edit` and then click the :guilabel:`Sales Order Item` field. Next, find and select the :abbr:`SO
(Sales Order)` that was created earlier from the drop-down menu. Lastly, click :guilabel:`Save` to
connect the ticket and the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`.
```

clients are charged, and what they're specifically billed for.

In Odoo, Project managers can connect Helpdesk tickets to Project tasks. As the Helpdesk agent
works on the ticket, they can use the ticket itself or the Project task to record timesheets.

Thanks to the :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket` integration, timesheets will always be consistent and
up-to-date on both records. Once a ticket is solved, the client can be billed for the time spent on
the ticket. Odoo will pull from either the task or the ticket timesheet to accurately bill the
client.

Configuration
=============

To turn on the :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket` feature, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk -->
Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams`, select a Helpdesk team, and then, click :guilabel:`Edit`. Next,
enable the options :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket` and :guilabel:`Time Reinvoicing`.

In the :guilabel:`Timesheet on Ticket` drop-down option, choose the Project to which tickets (and
timesheets) will be linked by default. Then, open the Project's external link to edit its settings
and enable the :guilabel:`Billable` option. Finally, save both the Project and the Helpdesk team's
settings to apply these features.

> .. image:: reinvoice_from_project/project_billable.png

Reviewer 2: I saw that @StraubCreative asked you to swap underscores for hyphens in #1982. If you want to do the same here, take the opportunity to change the commit tag ;)
